"What do you think you're doing chef?" Gordan Ramsey screams at you.
"You think you can be a master chef by making me a waffle!?"
"I... I just asked if I could use a waffle iron sir." You stammer, feeling your eyes well up with tears.
"Well, Jimmy, I think you should figure something else out if you want to stand a chance!"
You look down at your waffle batter,
"I'm making you a waffle sir, now where do you keep your waffle irons?"
"You're pathetic!" screamed Ramsey. "Go get one from the back, I don't want to look at you anymore."
You make your way to the back of the kitchen and you grab the waffle iron.

"You're hopeless. How did you even get on this show?" Shouts Gordon in a fit of rage.
"Get out of here, you're done."
You stare in shock. You knew that Gordon was rude, but he hasn't even give you a chance.
"Sir?"
"OUT! NOW!" Shouts Ramsey, foaming from the mouth.
Your saddness turns to cold, calculated rage.
"So be it."
With one fell swoop, the waffle iron is covered with red, and Ramsey is no more. 

Holding the bloody waffle iron, you stand looking down into the cold, dark eyes
of Gordon Ramsey's corpse. All at once the horror of what you have done washes over you.
You think of his family, of the look of desolation on his children's faces upon learning the
fate of their father. Tears start pouring out of your eyes as you sink to the floor. As the
emotions pass, you realize something needs to be done about this situation. "I just killed
the most famous chef in the world, for christ's sake," you say to yourself. Wondering what
could possibly be done to get out of this situation, you notice a meat grinder sitting in
the corner of the kitchen...

You think to yourself, I have taken a man's laugh over a waffle. 
His anger enraged me, and I couldn't help myself. No one tells me what to do. 
I must leave, but I can't. 
My body is overrun with fear and anger, an empty void only a murderer would know. 
"Christ, What about my wife Gale and son Lawerence, " you mutter.
In your head you think, I must go home burn my records, leave a note for my wife and child, and 
then call the next cab to LAX airport and fly to Peru. It is the only way my wife and children with be safe
and I will be safe. On the bloody napkin beside you, you write, "Goodbye my love, may you live a wonderful life without me. I must go now." You run home and leave the napkin on a magnet on the fridge next to card that has the words "best dad" scribbled
onto it. Scrambling for your cigarette lighter, you burn your medical records. 
With the next cab ride out, you are gone. 
Never to be seen again.
